And welcome to day two of week six as we get more into MCP.

And this is the time that we build our own MCP client and MCP server.

Remember today we're making our own.

We're not making a USBA of agent Guy.

We're making USB-C of Agentic I.

And another reminder of these core concepts that probably now you're getting this.

The host is the overall application like cloud desktop or our agent architecture.

The client lives inside the host and has a one on one connection, like over input output to an MCP

server, which is a separate process running outside and providing the tools, the contexts, and the

prompts to your MCP clients to your host.

And most of the time we're talking about tools, although briefly we'll use contexts as well in our

journey.

And there's the example of fetch that we'd used before.

And a reminder of the architecture again.

On the bottom left is the idea that you could have an MCP server that connects to an MCP server running

on your computer, and it does everything locally, like the file writer that we had in when we wrote

Banoffee Pie.

The second one along is an MCP client that connects to MCP server running on your box that then calls

out to some sort of remote internet service.

And I guess the playwright and fetch are both examples of that.

And then less common, that third one, sometimes known as an A hosted MCP server or a managed MCP server,

is when you have an MCP client that connects remotely to the MCP server running on another machine.

And that would need to be using the SSE transport mechanism, whereas one's running locally could be

either Stdio or SSE, and they're usually stdio.

And maybe it's also worth mentioning on this diagram that these MCP servers can be written in Python

or JavaScript, in which case they're typically the parameters that describe them.

Have you've as the command to run or MPW.

They can actually also just be creating a Docker container.

There's various other ways, but UX and MPW are by far the most common.

So with that we're going to go and create our own MCP server.

But just before we do, I want to quickly take a moment to ask, why do we want to make an SMTP server?

What's the advantage of doing it?

Well, the number one advantage is you make an SMTP server if you want to share it.

You've built something which you want other people to be able to use with their agents, because you're

going to be describing it in a way.

You're going to be working on the prompts and the information around your tool, and people will be

able to integrate it with their agents.

So simply, that's the number one reason.

And also if it has resources which a bit like a rag context and then prompt templates too, although

that's not not used so often.

Also, I suppose there is a small benefit if we're building an agent system and we're using a bunch

of MCP servers, it might be nice for us to treat our own tools consistently so that everything is packaged

as MCP servers.

This is a bit tenuous, but it's one reason we're going to do it this way, because we only want to

use MCP servers, and it's also useful if you're doing it just so you can understand the plumbing,

just so you can really build the nuts and bolts and do it yourself.

Now, you probably realize the reason I'm belaboring this point is because I want to say, why don't

you want to make an MCP SMTP server.

What are the reasons against.

And there's one really important one.

And it's this if you're only building a tool for you to use yourself, if we're writing a function and

we want to equip our LLM with that function, then there's no point in building an NCP server that's

wasting time.

You can simply decorate that tool with app function tool and then equip your LLM just by just by putting

it in tools, you can just immediately provide it through the OpenAI agents SDK or using the JSON approach

from week one.

And then that function will be called in in your current Python process, it will just be called as

a tool.

And that's easy.

Building an NCP server, which means that it gets spawned and runs as a separate process and communicates

over standard input output, and is provided as an NCP server.

That's a whole lot of extra plumbing and and scaffolding that's not needed if it's just to call your

own tool.

So it's important to have that that clarity that NCP doesn't help with building your own tools.

That's already easy and you should just do it.

MCP is about sharing tools.

That's the benefit.

And we're right back in cursor again, of course.

And we're going into the week six folder and we're going to lab two to create our own MCP server and

client, which as I put here, it's it's pretty simple, but it's not super simple.

The reason people are excited about MCP is that it's so simple to use other tools, not necessarily

to create MCP servers.

The first thing we're going to do, though, is we're going to look at a Python module.

And I know that that many people would much rather spend more time with Python modules than in labs.

And this week we'll be doing both.

We'll be starting in labs.

We will be moving to just Python code in modules.

And there is a Python module called accounts, and it contains a ton of code for managing your account,

where you can buy and sell shares, and where you have a balance, and where you can do things like

calculate profit and loss, list transactions, and where you can do things like buy shares and sell

shares based on a market price.

Looks like some interesting business logic and hopefully you remember it seems familiar to you because

this is, of course, code generated by our agent team in week three, our engineering team in Crewe.

I created this code right here, and you can tell because it's got sort of like comments and type hints.

And you probably know that I'm a bit hacky with this stuff, and that I only write comments and type

hints when I'm when I'm forced.

But here the our agent crew did a wonderful job.

Um, so it's cool that we are taking the code here that is being used by our agents.

Now, I've made a slight change to it that I've updated it so that it does save accounts in a database,

and I've separated that out into a separate module called database.

And this is just simply using SQLite.

So this is very vanilla.

But it allows you to read and write accounts as JSON objects.

And that I've hooked up to accounts.py.

But apart from making tiny changes like that, it is basically untouched code written by our engineering

team of agents in week three.

All right, so back to our lab, uh, for, for, uh, today, uh, I see it says here week two, day

two.

I think we'll change that right away.

That seems better.

Okay, so let's get started.

We'll do some imports.

We are now going to import this Python module account okay.

So now I can call account dot get.

And if I pass in a name it gets the account with that id here I am.

This is my account.

Apparently I have a balance of $9,400.

I have three Amazon shares and I have some transactions.

This is the coming back from the code written by our agents and I can call buy shares.

I can buy three more shares of Amazon.

And I have to give a reason.

And we'll just rewind the clocks a bit and imagine this is a few years back and I'll say, I'm going

to buy three shares of Amazon because this bookstore website looks promising.

So there we go.

Uh, yeah.

If only I'd had that foresight.

Uh, okay.

So I bought three, and now I have six shares of Amazon in there.

And I can call account Report to get a report about it.

Uh, and all sorts of information, um, about it.

And I can also call account list transactions to see those transactions right there.

So this is just showing that we've got some code.

It was written by our agents.

And we can operate it to do things like buying shares and listing transactions.

Now it's MCP server time.

So writing an MCP server is pretty easy.

It's just boilerplate code that you use to wrap code you've already got into an MCP server and you use

some libraries provided by anthropic.

And let's have a look.

I've created one, a Python module called Accountsservice.

Let's see what happens.

So it begins by importing an anthropic class called fast MCP.

And we also import our business logic account.

And we then create an MCP server by saying fast MCP account server that is creating a new fast MCP server

with that name.

What we then have is a number of functions listed here which are decorated with at MCP tool.

And for each of them we have a function like Getbalance.

We describe that function.

We give information about it here using standard docstrings.

And then we actually do that function.

And in our case we're just delegating to our business logic.

But the idea is that this server will be spawned when we launch the MCP server.

This will be launched, and these tools will all be tools that will be available.

And they will work simply by calling the business logic that we've imported right here.

So we have Getbalance, get holdings, buy shares, sell shares, change strategy if we want to change

the strategy associated with the portfolio.

And then I've also got some resources here.

As I say, resources are not as common as tools, but I do want to show you how they work.

And here we have the ability to access a resource, the name of an account will just return its report,

and the strategy of an account will return its strategy.

And it gets like a sort of a fake URL, a URI like this, where you can describe what resource you want

to provide.

If something requests this resource, and then down at the very bottom, we have the final piece here,

which is that when this script, this Python script is run, what it should actually do is call the

run function on MCP and say that my transport mechanism is the usual stdio.

And by because we've done that, when this Python script is run, it will launch that MCP server, it

will import our business logic, and it will be ready to handle any of these tools.

And as you can see, there's not much to this at all.

It's not super simple, but it's not hard at all to write your own MCP server that wraps your business

logic and launches a server like that, and now we just have to try and put it to use.

So here we are back in the lab.

And what we're looking at here are parameters being set for our very own MCP server that we just wrote.

So the command is you've run because that's exactly what we would type at a command line to run this

module.

You've run account server dot Pi.

Just run the account server.py that I just showed you.

And we know that when that's called it's going to create an MCP server, a fast MCP.

It's going to call run.

And that we've got some functions decorated as MCP tools.

All right.

So then we use the open AI agents SDK context manager with MCP Server Studio.

And we pass in those parameters.

Remember this timeout.

And we then are going to call server list tools.

So just by running this what's going to happen.

It's going to create an MCP client.

It's then going to spawn our MCP server by carrying out this instruction right here.

And it's then going to ask it, what tools do you offer us?

And we'll print them out.

And we're hoping to see the things that we decorated.

Uh, let's see if this works.

Can it be that simple?

Off it goes.

Took 1.4 seconds.

Let's just print that.

And there we go.

These are the functions that we just decorated.

Get balance, get holdings.

Buy shares.

Sell shares.

Change strategy.

It's available.

Wow.

Um, so as you can see, it's not super easy, but it's also it's pretty easy.

Okay, let's try and put this to action.

Let's have some instructions.

You're able to manage an account for a client and answer questions about the account.

My name is Ed.

My account is under the name Ed.

What is my balance and my holdings?

So it's going to need to make use of these tools.

And we'll give it the latest model.

Why not.

Uh, let's take that.

And now this again is the same code as before.

We use the context manager with MCP Server Studio.

We pass in our parameters.

Let's put in that timeout client session timeout is 30.

Um, and uh, we will pass in our instructions, our model, and we will then run a run and display

the output.

We're hoping that it's going to spawn the server, call the tools and be able to tell me about my six

Amazon shares, uh, and the balance and everything like that.

So enter your current cash balance is 8000.

Your holdings includes six shares of Amazon.

If you need any further details then let me know.

So that is us successfully calling our very own MCP server that then calls our business logic.

And now it's time to show you what it's like to write an MCP client.

But I should first explain that it's not a common task to write an MCP client.

You don't really need to do it anymore.

When I when I first started working on this lab, the way that you worked with OpenAI agents SDK, they

didn't sort of natively support MCP.

You had to write your own client and then provide the tools into OpenAI agents SDK.

And it was the day that I finished this project and checked it into GitHub and did the push that same

day, about about 2 or 3 hours later, they released an update to OpenAI SDK that simplified everything

and meant that all my code was useless.

And you can, you can, you can look at the git timestamps if you don't believe me.

It was crazy.

I was I was infuriated, but it is a great thing.

And basically it means that just with this, this context manager construct, you automatically get,

uh, OpenAI SDK creating the client for you.

But anyway, it's a good exercise to show you what it's like to make a client.

And also this this construct works for tools.

But if you want to use resources, I think you still need to write a client.

And it's not so common.

But but but we'll do it anyway and you'll see how it works.

Okay.

So this is in a Python module called Accounts clients.

And this this is where the magic happens.

That is no longer needed really.

Uh.

So this is this is a this is a an MCB client for use with my accounts, MCP server.

So at the top here I specify these are the parameters that will be used to launch the MCP server.

Now this could be something configurable.

You could make a sort of generic MCP client that takes this as configuration and then and then spawns

it.

But for now this is just a fixed client for our accounts MCP server.

And so this is an accounts MCP client.

And so there are a few things we need to be able to do.

We need to be able to list the tools.

And so this first function here is an example of the function that lists tools.

And we're basically using a bunch of anthropic code here for our client.

And you can see that there's some context managers that we manage a session.

We initialize the session.

And then we call list tools on the session and return the tools.

And so it's just sort of plumbing stuff that that you need to know about.

If you want to write something that will contact your server and list the tools.

This second one is actually calling a tool.

This is how you go about reading a one of the resources, and this is reading the other resources.

You can see I specify the resource name right there.

Um, and then finally the types.

The way that MCP returns tools is very similar to the JSON, the standard JSON that you use when you

call a tool, as we did in week one.

But it's not identical.

There is some couple of slight differences.

So if you're writing your own MCP client, you also have to know how to map between the MCP description

of a tool and the kind of JSON description of a tool that's used generally when you're calling LMS.

And that is what this this function here does that I painstakingly wrote.

But all of this comes for free packaged in OpenAI agents SDK.

So you don't need to do all of this, but you could look through it should you be interested and should

you want to understand what does it mean to have your own MCP client?

Okay, so now it remains for us to actually run the MCP client that we just created.

So I import from that module.

We just looked at some of the functions we just saw.

And the first function I call is the list account tools function, which is the one that's going to

spawn an MCP server and ask it for its tools that will come back as MCP tools.

I'm then going to call the other function I showed you, where I take the MCP tools, and I reconstitute

them as open AI tools.

I turn them into these function tools, just as if I'd had a function and decorated it with app function

tools.

Same thing.

And then I'm going to print that.

So I'll print these two separately so you can see the results side by side.

So this first line here, this is the actual MCP tools themselves with their description, the arguments

of all the tools.

And you can take a look at them should you wish.

And underneath it is the same thing but reconstituted as a function tool, which is the kind of object

that needs to be passed in to OpenAI.

And indeed, that's what I'm going to do right here.

So this is the way you had to do it before OpenAI built this, so that you can now you can just pass

in the MCP servers.

You don't have to build a client and do all of this stuff.

But before that, in fact, very recently this was the way to do it.

You'd actually have to pass in the tools themselves.

So we've used our MCP client to find the tools and then we're passing them in here.

So as I say, you just follow along for interest to see what this is doing.

But it's not like you'd need to do this yourself.

So as always, I've got a trace, and then I'll pass in my instructions and I will pass in the tools

that when these tools are called, it's actually going to call the MCP client.

That's going to call the MCP server that's going to actually run our business logic.

Okay.

So now we're going to run our MCP client like this.

So we're passing in the tools we are calling the model and it has now responded.

I asked what's my balance?

And it's responded with the balance.

And so just as a recap, what's going on there, we provided it with some tools right here.

Those tools are in fact wrappers around MCP tools, which actually created an MCP client which launched

our MCP server and which ran our function through the business logic on the MCP server and got back

the results to the LM.

So quite a lot was going on there behind the scenes with this.

And as I say, you really shouldn't need to do this yourself because open AI agents SDK does it all

for you.

But it's useful to see how the plumbing works behind the scenes.

Now here's another example of using the MCP client.

This time we're using this read accounts resource client function that I wrote.

And I think that you do need to do it this way.

If you want to use resources, then that doesn't come for free with the OpenAI agents SDK package.

So this is an example of reading the resource called editor.

So let's see what happens if we run that.

Let's run it through our client, through our server.

And that's what comes back.

This is a description of my account.

And just to show you, I could also, of course, just import the business logic directly.

And this is ending up just calling this function report.

So this should give exactly the same answer.

You could see the same stuff.

So essentially what we've done is we've taken this piece of business logic.

We've wrapped it in an MCP server to be available at a certain resource.

We've written an MCP client that allows you to expose that resource.

And that is what this function is.

And so you can call this MCP client to get this.

You could also just call the business logic directly.

Um, and so why would you want to do this.

Again it's if you wanted to share this resource with other people, it gives everyone a simple, streamlined

way to access your resources rather than having to understand how your business logic works.

Okay, that wraps up creating MCP servers and MCP clients with most of the emphasis on the servers.

And I would now like to give you an exercise to go and create your own.

So one super simple one to do would be to write an MCP server that can tell you the current date, give

the current date, and you can expose it as a tool that you can equip OpenAI agent with so that it can

find out the current date.

And it can make sure that what it's the the content and the questions it's answering, it's doing so

mindful of what the current date is.

Um, and uh, yeah.

Then then as a harder exercise, you could not only build that MCP server, but also build an MCP client

to accompany it.

Taking a look at exactly how I just did that for the accounts client compared with the accounts server,

same approach.

And then you could actually write something that looks like a native call to OpenAI, as we did in week

one, like a simple native call with a tool as a JSON.

And then you're getting really bare metal and you're seeing how you can call an MLM and have an MCP

client and an MCP server where you're writing all the nuts and bolts.

The only real use of that is to give you some direct exposure to it.

So only do that if you're if you're interested.

You won't have to do that day to day.

But but it's a it's an interesting exercise.

It's also worth pointing out that actually answering the current date isn't a great tool isn't super

useful in the real world, because if you need to tell your agent about the current date, it's better

just to state it in the prompt so that it always has it available so that the model doesn't have to

go through the extra work of knowing to call your tool to collect the date.

So if you feel like it, try make some more interesting tools.

Have a shot at making a calculator that can do some calculation operation on two inputs or something

like that.

So.

So try and make some interesting tool that appeals to you, and then write an MCP server and perhaps

also explore writing an MCP client should you wish and enjoy that.

And we will then go over to wrap up for today.

Well.

I hope you enjoyed our adventure into the plumbing's and internals of MCP servers and clients.

Next time we are going to now do what MCP is famous for, we are going to explore tons of MCP servers

out there and just have fun equipping our agents with these new capabilities.

I will see you then.

