And welcome to week six, day three, and I've been looking forward to today for a long time, because

this is the day when we go crazy exploring what MCP has to offer first.

As usual, a quick recap of the core concepts behind MCP.

Looking at the architecture diagram that we've got here, we're going to be looking at the three different

configurations of MCP servers.

First of all, and the simplest of all is when you use an MCP server that's simply is created, runs

on your local computer, only, uses stuff on your computer, and is something that you're using right

there, just like the accounts MCP server that we just used, which was actually one that we hand wrote

ourselves, and also one like the local file system.

Okay.

And then secondly, and this is perhaps the most common of all, we're going to look at MCP servers

that are run locally on your computer, but make remote calls to APIs that take advantage of stuff that

can be available online.

And that's number two on this diagram.

And that is of course super common.

And then thirdly, and we're not going to do this too much.

We're just going to have a look at what it means to have a managed MCP server or a hosted MCP server,

which is running remotely, as I say, not a common architecture, but we'll just look at it and see

some examples and understand it.

And it's worth pointing out that even numbers one and two, while it's possible to write your own most

of the time when we're talking about MCP, these are MCP servers that have been made available online,

and that through commands like like you are downloading it from an online public place and you are then

running it locally on your box.

So it's running on your box, but it's still something that's been shared online, made available for

everyone to use.

All right, that's enough.

Intro.

Let's go to the lab.

Here we are back in cursor and we're going into the week six.

Of course.

Which other week would we want to be in and into the third lab, and we're going to be experimenting

with a bunch more MCP servers.

And yes, it's warning me I can actually take this out because we're not going to be using an MCP server.

SS uh, okay.

So the first type of MCP server that I mentioned is one that you run locally and everything it does

is local.

Again, remembering we have downloaded it from, from a public repo from somewhere public.

But we're going to run it.

The server will be applied locally and we're going to pick another JavaScript one, a node one.

And I want to pick this one, which is great.

It is a way to give our agent memory and to give it knowledge.

Graph based memory, a special kind of memory that understands about entities and observations about

those entities and relationships between those entities.

It's worth memory is a is a hot topic, and people often ask me questions about memory, and they think

of memory like it's kind of one construct, perhaps because Lang Chain thinks of it that way, but like

there is one memory.

But in this MCP age, we think of memory just as being another set of tools that we can equip our LM

with.

And in fact, it could have many different types of tools relating to memory.

This in particular is giving it the ability to store information about things, observations and relationships.

We could give it this and we could give it other kinds of context.

All of this ends up just being information that it can request by tools, or that becomes available

in its prompts.

And so they're just different techniques to give the LM more context.

Anyway, so these are the parameters.

Remember you always start by specifying the parameters of your MCP server.

And in this case it's mpc's because we're running a node version.

And it's uh, we're going to be running this version called lib SQL, which is a version, a memory

that stores to a SQLite database.

I've actually I've given a link here to to one that this is closely based off, which is one that,

uh, gives you access to a JSON file.

Um, but doesn't actually store it to SQL.

And I found that this is a little bit less stable.

This is a better version of it that that I prefer.

It also allows you to specify a directory and a name for your memory.

And this allows you to have different memory stores for different agents.

So I find that quite handy.

So I'm saying that looking looking somewhere called memory and look for database called Ed.

And I believe it might already exist.

It does.

So why don't we just delete this so that it doesn't have any memory to start with?

We'll move that to trash starting from nothing.

So if you have Ed in in a folder there, then delete it.

If you don't have a folder then then create one called memory.

All right.

So first of all let's just find out what tools do we have uh associated with this.

We have tools create entities search nodes read graph create Relations, delete entity and delete relation.

So we're allowing it to build this kind of connectivity between the things it wants to remember.

All right let's see this in action.

Okay.

So now we have instructions.

You use your entity tools as persistent memory to store and recall information about your conversations.

My name is Edgar.

I'm an LLM engineer.

I'm teaching a course about agents, including the incredible MCP protocol.

And I say something about MCP and I give it a model and let's see how this gets on.

So as before, this is hopefully a pattern that you're quite familiar with.

We use this context manager with MCP Server Studio, which we know is going to create the MCP client.

We pass in the parameters.

We give this timeout of 30s.

And then as usual, we create our agent with instructions with the model and now with the MCP server.

And now we call runner run with the agent and our request.

And let's see what happens.

Armed with these tools is it able to take this piece of information about me and do something with it?

So it says, nice to meet you, editor.

It's great to know you're teaching a course about AI agents and amqp protocol, blah blah blah, blah

blah.

And if you look over on the left, it has created a file editor.

So now for the follow up question.

We're coming back.

We're creating an agent.

We're giving it instructions.

We're giving it the same asking for the same model, and we're giving it the same MCP server with access

to the memory.

And we're saying, my name is Ed.

What do you know about me?

And we'll see what this MCP server is able to do.

I know that you're ed an LM engineer.

You're teaching a course about AI agents, and in this course, you're teaching about the MCP protocol.

So there you go.

It's a quick, simple example, but it shows you how we were so easily able to equip our agent with

a memory that's able to handle relationships between things.

And so this is just a great starting example, and we'll be using this memory in the future as well.

And it could be handy for any of your projects too.

And of course, it's always a good idea to check the trace, which we should do.

Come on in and conversation with our agent is right here and you will see that it it called the search

nodes.

It looked it did a query for Ed and it got back here JSON structure that reflects the entity type,

the observations and and so on.

And so you can look through this and get a sense for how the memory works.

And you can use this to try and build up some more sophisticated memory about the different, uh, parts

of your conversation that you want your agent to remember.

Okay.

Now we're going to go on to another MCP tool, and this time it's going to be the second type, which

is the type that runs locally but uses the internet, which we've already done with, with, with fetch

and with playwright.

But but let's do another and and a handy one.

So there's been many times in the last few weeks that we have used tools that do internet searches.

You probably remember the hosted tool with OpenAI that we used right back in week two, which was quite

expensive.

Was it two and a half cents for every single web search?

And we've used, I think, Tavileh and we've used, uh, Serpa.

Well, we're going to do another one.

So sorry to make you set up another key, but this one's a really great one.

It's called Brave Search, and it's a company that specializes in an API driven search, including for

use with AI.

And it's free again, at least I think you get 2000 free searches a month.

Uh, so it's very generous.

And I have set it up.

I've actually got a paid account because I've been using it a lot, but, uh, you very much can stay

on the free version.

I've got a link here for where you go to set up your account.

If I go up here, uh, it brings up the brave search.

You sign up, you go through and get an API key super easily without needing any credit card or anything

like that.

So once you've done that, you come back, you take your brave API key and you put it in your EMV file

as usual, and then you'll have to rerun load MV up at the top.

Okay.

So then what we do is we collect our brave API key.

And this time you'll notice that when we specify the params for our MCP server, we're passing in these

environment variables, these settings as well.

So that's a new twist for this one so that we can tell brave about our API key.

And it's another node another JavaScript MCP server.

So we run it this way.

And in fact this is one of Anthropic's out of the box reference implementations.

So this is part of Anthropic's offerings, the brave search.

And so again even though we're running online searches, the MCP server is going to be running on my

box.

So the code for this is is remote is online.

We are downloading that code and running it locally using npm.

So it starts online, we bring it locally, we run it locally.

And then of course, what that code actually does is it makes a call to a web service offered by the

company brave, and it passes in our key to that service.

So that's why this is architecture two MCP server running locally calling out to the cloud.

And I'm probably belaboring this.

You're probably like, yeah I get it I get it enough.

Okay.

So MCP server studio again is how we do this.

We pass in the parameters.

Let's just see what tools we get with this.

Um, we get a brave web search tool which performs a web search with the API.

Um, and then a local search searches for local businesses.

I think I only get that because I'm paying the paid plan.

I don't think that comes with the free plan, actually.

Um, so again, the key difference with something like fetch is that with fetch, we're running a browser

locally and we're just going to a web address.

We're brave.

We're making a web call to brave, to ask it to run like a Google search.

But it's not using Google.

It's using its own search engine and return the results of that query.

Um, and so, uh, we're going to ask a question.

You're able to search the web for information, research the latest news on the Amazon stock price and

give it the current date.

And then we run the server right here.

Okay.

Here we go.

Running that you'll see.

As usual we're passing in the MCP server.

We've got the timeout set and we're calling run and run and back.

We get of course, the results of running this web search with the current price of Amazon apparently

217 and more information about it.

And as always, we should go in and check out the trace.

Let's have a look here and make sure that we're happy.

Yep, it's calling a brave web search.

The query was Amazon Stock Price News May 2025.

And it got back these results.

And so it seems to be working nicely end to end.

That is another.

That is an example of type two of the calling out to the web.

And so now to talk about the type three of the MCP servers, the ones where the server itself, the

MCP server, is running remotely.

And you must connect to it using the SSC approach.

And now here's the thing.

As I say, it's not that common.

And it's also quite flaky because there's no guarantees that the people that you're connecting with

are going to keep their server running.

I used to have an example in here of an MCP server that I found, a hosted MCP server that you could

connect to remotely, but it went down and now you can't connect to it.

And that's why I had to take out that code at the top.

So it's no longer running.

So that example didn't work.

And so I tried to look for some other examples.

And the other examples that I found are all for paid business services where you are already paying

for something, and it tends to be from sort of professional business plans.

So let me show you that, that the anthropic docs have a section on remote MCP servers.

That's what we're talking about here.

And it says several companies have deployed remote servers that developers can connect to.

Um, and so here are some examples of them.

And you'll see why I'm not able to demo one of these because I'd have to be a paying client.

So asana, if you are a client of asana, asana like project management tool, then you could interact

with asana workspace by by using this remote, uh, MCP server at MCP.

Uh, and then similarly for these others like intercom, like, uh, PayPal, if you use not not just

PayPal for your personal, uh, PayPal, I have one of them, but I don't have commerce capabilities.

I don't I'm not I'm not a seller.

Um, and and the others at Square and Waikato and Zapier.

I was going to try and set something up to show it, but you have to have a paid account.

So it's it's it's honestly not common to be seeing this.

It's only in these cases of, like, paid, uh, enterprise accounts where you don't want to run the

MCP server yourself.

You want to connect to it running on the cloud.

And as I say, I really I haven't seen much traction with this in the community.

It's not like this is something that you come across often.

Um, and for many of these, uh, for many of those commercial examples, you can run an MCP server

locally as well, which is what people typically do.

Cloudflare, which was actually on that list, has some tools for you to create and run your own remote

servers.

If you're a Cloudflare Cloudflare customer and you use Cloudflare for your own website, your own deployments,

uh, they have some really interesting sheets here which allow you to deploy, uh, a remote server

that other people could connect to, and they actually make it really quite easy.

They walk you through the code here and how you can check in their, uh, screens that it's running.

And then they give you, of course, the way that you would then connect to it from, say, your desktop

or indeed from your OpenAI agents SDK.

Um, and this is then where you can add authentication, which is one of the hot new areas of MCP.

If you are going to provide a hosted tool, then you would want to have a way that people can authenticate

with it so that they can demonstrate that they are who they say they are.

Um, but as I say one more time, then I'll shut up because you're fed up of me saying this.

But but it's not a common way of doing things.

And indeed, uh, if you're if you're running something like the brave search that we just did, it

would be more common for you to set up an API key with something like brave and then pass in that API

key when you call your local MCP server.

That's the more common configuration.

And of course, this might change any day that maybe, maybe managed hosted MCP servers will take off

big time.

And and I'll be eating my words.

But but as of right now, uh, it's not terribly common, but you certainly could follow the Cloudflare

instructions and set up your own should you wish.

So that wraps up the third type.

And we're now going to go back to the second type for a really cool example.

So the main project for this week is to set up a trading floor, have autonomous agents that can buy

and sell equities, and they're not going to really buy and sell equities.

They're going to be using the simulated account management that we already built, but they will be

using real market data.

And there's a bunch of different MCP servers that can help provide you with market data.

And after playing with a bunch of them, my favorite one is the one provided by the company, polygon.

That's a very well known professional provider of financial markets.

Uh, and uh, yeah, I'll bring you to their website.

Here they are.

It's, uh, they're super well known and, uh, they one of the big benefits that they have is that

they have both a free plan and a paid plan.

So I recommend you stick with the free plan.

But if you're a sucker for this stuff like I am, then for sure you can.

You can spend a little.

It's somewhere between 20 and 30 bucks a month, uh, to get more accurate market data.

So with the free plan, you always get data as of the previous day's business, close stock prices as

of yesterday's close with the paid plan that I'm on, you get them on a 15 minute delay, but unlimited

API use.

And if you want to pay a lot more, you can get real time market data, but there's no need for that

unless you're already a trader.

So this is polygon.

Uh, please come in and sign up.

And once you're signed, signed in, select the keys button.

In the left hand navigation.

You press a blue new key button.

And then you take that key and you put it in your EMV file as polygon API key.

And uh, the, uh, here we go.

Just run this.

And the fact that it didn't say polygon API key is not set means that it was set.

Um, and then you can, for example, directly use the polygon client.

And they've got great docs on their websites and it's very easy to use.

So this previous close, uh, AG for Apple's stock price, for example, will tell me that the previous

close for Apple was $195.27.

And that is how you simply use polygon code directly.

Okay, so I have written a little Python module called market.py that wraps some of these calls to polygon.

And I've done something a little bit sneaky.

So the polygon API if you're on the free plan is what they call rate limited, which means you're only

allowed to make that API call.

I think it's five times a minute.

It's quite, quite mean.

Uh, and uh, so you would only be able to call for a share price that five times, but it turns out

that that it also only counts it as one call.

If you make a call and ask for all the share prices in the market, a snapshot of every share price.

And so I've done something that if you ask for a share price like Apple and you're on the free plan,

it will call for all share prices.

It will use that one call and then it will cache that in memory and the subsequent times you call this,

it will just return from the cache.

Let me show you that for a second.

If we look in Market Pi, you'll see here that there's this get share price.

Um, I checked you got a polygon key and then I call this get share price polygon.

And I see if you're on the paid plan or not if you're on the free plan, I call this function.

If you're following me and this function is basically going to end up getting the full market for the

prior business day, and it will cache that.

So if this has been called before with the same date, it will just return the same full market.

So it's just a nice way of making sure that we can always get that share price, and we won't hit the

rate limits.

Let me show you that if we get the share price for Apple, it's 195.

And now I can put that in a tight loop and get it 1000 times, and we simply get 195.

And I assure you that if this weren't being plucked from the cache, then we would have problems with

that.

We would hit the rate limit immediately.

So that's just something to to understand.

Just something that I've put in there.

Okay.

And I've also made this into an MCP server as well.

Another little local MCP server called market underscore server.

So if you look at market server you will see that this is again a very simple MCP server.

It just the same as before.

You remember, you create the MCP and then you use the MCP tool decorator.

And then here is the function lookup share price.

And that just calls get share price.

And this is the way that you actually launch the server.

So it's really nice to see such an such a simple MCP server here that created that means that we can

now call that as uh, we can first of all, look at the tools that it gives us.

And this should exactly give us the lookup share price.

And now we can ask an agent to tell us the share price of Apple.

So we'll say you answer questions about the stock market.

What's the share price of Apple.

Let's upgrade this to be the latest model.

And then just as before we use the context manager we pass in that MCP server.

This stuff is is simple to you.

Now you're an expert at this.

We call our MCP server.

And sure enough it all worked great.

It called the MCP tool and it told us the share price of Apple.

But that's not the interesting part of using polygon.

The interesting part is if you have a paid plan and you want to use their MCP server with all of the

capabilities.

And so I'm going to show this to you just so you get a sense for it and totally optional.

But if you wish, you could sign up even just for the first month, to experience this for yourself.

So here are the parameters that we're providing for our MCP tool.

It is UVC, so it's a Python based MCP server.

And you can see interestingly that the way it works is that you can you can provide a link to the GitHub

repo which contains this MCP server.

And you can use that.

So we're calling MCP polygon from this repo.

So it doesn't have to be something that's like pip installable.

It can be something that is just straight from a repo.

And obviously if you do something like this then you need to do your research.

You need to go and check that this genuinely is the official GitHub repo for polygon, the company behind

polygon IO, and make sure you're comfortable with the community traction, the number of stars, the

kind of support it has, and so on.

Just as you would do if you were going to clone somebody else's repo.

The same kind of due diligence.

Exactly.

And so I have done that, of course.

And I'm satisfied with this myself.

But but you should too.

And then I'm passing in my polygon key.

And then I'm going to ask, what tools do you provide me this MCC server.

So we'll run this.

And wowza there's a lot of them.

So there's a bunch of different tools.

There's a lot that the model is going to be allowed to do.

It includes, uh, doing things like getting the last trade.

It has crypto data in here, as well as ethics data, getting market status, tickers, dividends,

conditions, financials.

There's there's a there's a lot to get here.

Uh, and so this this is something which which equips our agent with lots of capabilities to analyse

financial markets directly.

Now, you can give all of these tools to your agent, even if you're on the free plan.

But if you do that, most of these will respond and say this tool isn't available for people on the

free plan.

So it's a bit of a bore.

Uh, what you have to do is, uh, is is either just only provide the one tool, as I did for the free

plan example, uh, or sign up for the paid plan.

Okay.

So let's try these out.

So, um, as I say, because if you're on the free plan, we have to be specific that it should only

use the get snapshot ticker tool.

And so I will run this and have it hopefully use the right tool.

So so we're now equipping the agent with all of those tools that we just saw.

And uh oh.

And it hasn't used the right tool.

That's super interesting.

Actually let me also I'm going to upgrade the model while I'm doing it, even though I said get snapshot

ticker.

Let's try it a second time.

It's always good to see her agents being unpredictable.

Um, let's see whether it gets it right the second time and uses the right ticker.

It does.

Uh, so I'm tempted to, to go and rerecord this, but I won't, because I think it's important to see

that with a genetic AI.

You do get this, this sometimes ill behavior when it doesn't correctly follow the prompts, and you

need to be able to account for that in what you do.

And also, I don't know if this is what fixed it, but upgrading to a more recent model, uh, did did

appear in this case to make it perform better, but now it did use the right tool, and it got the latest

share price at $195.

Okay, so if you do have a paid plan then you can now add this to your M file.

You just have to in your env file say polygon plan equals paid.

That makes sure that I switch it to use the right tools.

And if you do decide to go all the way and have the premium real time plan, you can set this to real

time.

And I'll be sure to use all of the real time APIs.

But I have got just this paid plan, so I'm going to go and update my M file right now.

Okay, so now if I now run this cell, it should confirm that I'm on the right plan.

Let's see.

Yep.

You've chosen to subscribe to the paid polygon plan.

And so we'll be looking at prices on a 15 minute delay.

And that for the time being is uh, is the, the uh, our foray into MCP servers.

Um, but there are so many more and that's where I will get to with the exercises.

Um, so I would suggest that you go on to the marketplaces and look for tools which interest you and

experiment with them right here, try and use.

I say here all three approaches.

You'll probably find, like me, that there actually aren't easily available approaches with remote

MCP servers, so you might not want to go there unless you are already paying user of something like

asana.

Um, but assuming that you're not, then then go with those first two approaches.

Find examples of MCP servers that will run locally and only stay locally.

Do things on your local computer.

Find examples that call the web and find examples of MCP servers that are Python based and those that

are JavaScript based, and try them all out.

Experiment with them and have fun giving capabilities to your agents and seeing them taking advantage

of them.

Well, hopefully you took me up on that.

You did some exercises and you've added more MCP servers.

And that's a wrap on day three of week six.

And that means that we're about to head into the capstone project of building a trading floor.

And I can't wait to show you this.

It's such a cool project.

I'll see you next time.

