While it's all been leading up to this.

Welcome to the grand finale.

Welcome to week six, day five, the conclusion of our capstone project, and also the time when we

wrap up and answer the question of, okay, so which framework should I use for my project?

But first, the capstone project, autonomous trading.

We have some ingredients to add to the mix.

We're going to turn it into a trading floor of four traders.

We're going to give the traders autonomy to evolve their strategy.

We're going to expand the number of models.

You've already seen a little teaser of this, and we're going to build a user interface, which is going

to have a surprise extra component, which is a super important piece of functionality extensibility

that we can get through OpenAI agents SDK.

So without further ado, let's go back to the lab for the final time.

And here we are once more in cursor for the last time.

We go into the sixth folder and we go to lab five, which is really more of a text thing, but let's

just talk about what we have here.

So we've, uh, actually now we've already taken a look at all of the MCP servers that we're going to

be playing with, but it includes, of course, things like the push notification and the memory and

everything else.

But I want to be adding more in time.

And I would like you to as well.

And so if you go in there and you look in the MCP servers, you might find that there are more there

already.

Uh, because I do plan to be adding more and if not, you should keep adding them in.

As of the time I record this, there are currently, as we just saw, six MCP servers with 44 different

tools and two resources, and I do hope to be adding to them in time.

Okay, so now to introduce you to the four traders that we have set up in our trading floor, we have

four traders that are now known.

They are named Warren, George, Ray and Cathy, and they are paying homage to four luminaries of the

industry Warren to the legend that is Warren Buffett, George to George Soros.

Ray for Ray Dalio and Kathy, perhaps an odd one out for a more modern investor for Cathie Wood of Ark

Investments.

And they each have investment strategies inspired by their namesakes.

Uh, but also I've given them autonomy to be changing their strategy in time.

So let's look at this.

So first of all, we need to go to a Python module called Reset Pi.

And this is where the strategies are laid out.

There is a Warren strategy.

Uh, you are Warren.

You are named in homage to your role model, Warren Buffett, a value oriented investor prioritizing

long term wealth creation.

George is named for George Soros, an aggressive macro trader.

Ray.

Of course, systematic principles based approach, uh, with macro economic insights.

And Kathy, who pursues disruptive innovation, particularly crypto.

But I focused on crypto ETFs because this is all meant to be about equity trading.

So ETFs is what we do.

Um, and reset traders will reset these for people to have this strategy.

Now I'm not going to run that reset method myself because I've already had this running for a couple

of weeks.

And I don't want to delete all that history.

I want you to see how these traders have done for the last couple of weeks, because that's going to

be fun.

Um, so I won't reset, but you, of course should, so that you have the right strategies if you're

looking at this.

So you should uncomment this line right here and run reset traders so that everything is ready to begin.

And then I need to talk to you about traces.

Okay.

So I now want to tell you about traces.

One of the things you might have thought about OpenAI agents SDK is that whilst it is quite lightweight

and simple, which is nice, it perhaps doesn't have the same level of resiliency and plumbing that

something like Landgrave has with its connectivity to Lang Smith.

The trace functionality in OpenAI.

It's a little bit sort of cheap and cheerful.

You have to log in to your OpenAI screen and then see the tracing in there.

Well, it happens that they thought of that.

They've made the tracing functionality in OpenAI agents SDK very extensible.

You can, in fact connect it to Lang Smith to be able to look at your data in Lang Smith, you can also

connect it to things like weights and biases, which I teach in my other course, which is super useful.

And indeed, you can extend it yourself to record trace information however you would like, so that

you can programmatically handle that with your agent flow and take actions as a result of tracing.

And that is really cool and it's very easy to do.

And I've done it here in this traces module.

So you essentially make a subclass of an OpenAI class called Tracing Processor.

And in that subclass you have to override four methods on trace start on trace end on span start and

on span end, and you get passed in an object that describes what's going on, and you can then choose

to do what you want, record it in any way.

And what gets passed in could be one of a number of different types of data, and you can pluck out

relevant information and decide what to do with it.

And so what did I use this for?

What have I decided to do with it?

I've decided to have my own little logging mechanism.

And so I write this to my own log with a name and a type and a message, and I actually store this in

SQLite.

I have this write log, just writes it to a database based on this person's name, so that I can keep

track of these logs, and that allows me to take some actions as a result of the tracing activity happening

in my agent framework.

And what would I like to do with that?

Well, I'd like to display it.

I'd like to be able to see on the user interface, what are our traders actually doing?

What are they thinking, what's going on?

And I'd like to be able to reflect what is effectively being recorded in OpenAI's traces on the user

interface, and that is what we will be doing.

Okay, so we've talked about the user interface.

Let's see what it is.

Well this is the code for it.

It's a Gradio app.

And you probably know that I love Gradio.

Now the purpose of this course is not to teach you about Gradio.

So I'm not going to go through this in a lot of detail, but it is very simplistic.

Uh, I've got like a class trader, which is going to to wrap my various calls to, to organize the

business rules around a trader for this screen.

And then I've got a sort of companion class, trader view, which deals with the visual elements associated

with any trader.

And it has something that periodically refreshes the screen.

And then this ends with just the create UI that has the final gradio code to to create it, and something

that launches the screen.

So you can look at the UI code if you wish.

It's not super important.

What's important is what information it shows us.

And let's take a look at that right now.

So I press control and Backtick to open a terminal.

I go into the sixth folder and now I type.

You've run app Dot Pi to launch our Gradio app for our autonomous traders.

And here it is.

Here in a nutshell is the UI for our traders.

And I gotta tell you, I love this.

So the four columns here represent our four traders.

This is the trader view object with the trader behind it Warren.

And in this case Warren is controlled by GPT four one.

Mini George is deep seek V3, Ray is Gemini two five flash and Cathie is using appropriately for crypto

investor grok three mini.

Um, and one thing that's kind of fun is to see that this has been running for a few weeks, and all

four of my traders are profitable.

They all started with $10,000.

That is what happens when you call reset, and none of them have made a fortune, but they have all

made a little bit of money.

And the winner right now is Cathy.

Uh, the, uh, Cathy seems to be doing quite well with her portfolio.

And it does look like three out of the four have Nvidia stock in their portfolios.

Um, and you can see here some fun looking stuff that we're seeing the trace information about these

traders.

And of course we're seeing this chart here that shows what's been going on with their portfolios.

Um, and I haven't actually run them for a few days, which is why there's been this sort of jump down

of, of their performance.

Uh, so this is pretty cool.

This is the user interface that's looking at our traders.

But if you're following, you'll realize that we're not actually seeing anything dynamic here.

We're just seeing a snapshot of the data in the database that reflects our.

For traders, what we really want to see is what happens when they start trading, when we actually

kick this off and run it.

And that is what we're going to do right now.

So first we take a look at some code and then we go and run our trading floor.

So I wanted to point out that there are a few settings in the EMV file that you can control.

You need to put these in there to make sure that things work properly.

Run every N minutes just literally like that.

Equals 60 will make sure that it that it runs every 60 minutes.

Actually if you if you don't include it in your M file it will default to 60.

Anyway, run even when market is closed, is how you can make sure that it doesn't start trading all

night overnight every every hour.

And now I currently have this.

True because it is Sunday right now.

And I want to I want it to be trading and use many models.

If it's false, it just uses Gpt4 mini.

If it's true, it uses the models that we just saw in the user interface.

And so obviously I have it as true.

All right.

And now I need to show you the class that brings it all together.

That is wonderfully simple and is a fitting conclusion to the other material that we've covered.

So we collect the variables that I just mentioned from the env file.

These are the names of our agents.

And then we simply look how short this is.

We create our traders.

Uh, so we create a collection of traders for each of these different traders.

And then here is the run every n minutes function.

This is the one that that does everything.

It all happens here.

We start by adding this trace.

This is where we register that we want OpenAI agents SDK to record any traces using that log tracer

that I created that I showed you a moment ago.

We then create our traders as done here.

And then there's a nice little whiletrue, uh, thing here.

So this will keep going forever.

Um, it will then call async gather, which you remember means that all these async methods will happen

at the same time.

Trader run for each of our traders so all four traders will be kicked off at the same time, and async

IO will make sure that they all run as if as if it's multithreaded.

But of course, what's going on is that anytime one of them is is locked on, IO is waiting for something

to come back, another one will run that will allow them all to run.

Uh, and uh, at the end of that, it will then sleep for the number of minutes that we specify.

And finally there's this if name is main.

And that's where we kick off this whole thing.

So all that remains now is for me to actually kick this off.

Let's do it.

And so the time has come now to launch our trading floor.

See these agents in action and see in particular this while true loop running.

So I'm going to bring up a terminal.

This is our running user interface.

I'm going to open a new terminal window to run.

At the same time, I'm going to change to the sixth directory and I'm going to do you've run Trading

Floor dot Pi.

And this is now kicking off our agent process and running our various agents.

So it's running for different traders and their researchers.

And right away you can see I hope that the information in these panels has started flying by.

And this of course is our user interface tracking the traces that we have intercepted and written ourselves

so that we can be managing the logs.

It's being stored to a database and and showing here visibly on the user interface.

And it is terrific fun to watch this and see autonomy in action.

You'll see the different colors representing things like calling different MCP servers actually using

tools.

The red when you see it is when it's actually calling our accounts business logic, our own home grown

MCP server and that noise, if I don't know if it comes through on this mic, but it just made a notification

noise that one of our four traders of Warren or George or Ray or Cathy just made a trading decision

and I got alerted about it, and they will now be off and running.

It typically takes them a few minutes.

Uh, thanks to the joys of async coding, they can run in parallel like this as they do their thinking.

They will go through managing their portfolio, and down below you can see things like their current

holdings and their recent transactions.

So you can keep keep stock on what they're doing.

Uh, and uh, yeah, as I say, it's uh, it's it's terrific.

Terrific fun to see this.

Here we go.

We can just see here.

Sold five AMD shares, retrieving account details and then sold three Qualcomm and bought four Nvidia

shares as Warren.

Uh, they do tend to love Nvidia.

Uh, so um, which must be something to do with the researcher and some other share activity going on,

and an update there to our to the values of the portfolios.

Oh, and another text message I just got, which is and another one which is trading going on AMD trade

apparently.

Uh, and yeah, as I say, this is super addictive.

I absolutely love watching this.

Obviously the learning point here is to really get this very visual, very real, tangible sense of

what it's like to have multiple agents working, uh, calling other agents and using a bunch of different

MCP servers to achieve a commercial objective.

Uh, and being able to use this as a way of inspecting what's going on and understanding the LM activity

that's happening behind the scenes to allow for this trading activity.

So hopefully when you run this yourself and get this sense, uh, you'll find it, uh, highly, highly

educational and insightful as well as being quite a lot of fun.

Well, as you can probably tell, I'm quite chuffed about that project.

I think it came together so nicely, and I really do hope that there's a lot to learn from it and seeing

it together like that.

And I love the fact that it is actually a nod to a commercial use of agents.

So a question that I get quite often at this point that people that have that have got to this point

in the course, is that people feel a bit frazzled by everything that we've covered, like thinking

back to the different variety of projects and frameworks and left with the question, okay, so so now

that I'm embarking on my own project, which of these frameworks do I select?

What do I choose?

And I'm here to give you that answer.

I want to tell you exactly which framework you should select.

And the answer is the framework that you should select doesn't actually matter.

It's not the most important question.

And in a minute I'm going to take you through what I think does matter and the sorts of things you should

be thinking about when you embark on your project.

Look, the different frameworks have different pros and cons, and you should pick the one that just

suits you.

The one that that that that you jibe with the most that suits your kinds of of of strengths and the

places where you need help and also the skills and capabilities of your team as well.

I find that that, as you probably know, I like OpenAI agents SDK because it's lightweight, it stays

out of the way, and it gives you a level of flexibility and control that I like to be able to code

with.

But I fully recognize that there are other frameworks like crew, that are much more batteries included,

where you get a lot in the box, you get, you know, you just write your yamls and you can focus on

your yamls and a lot comes along for the ride, and that can be super convenient and really attractive.

And they even come with some of the low code tools that let you visualize this too.

So there are lots of benefits to using the other frameworks too, but you can build an agent solution

in any of them.

So really you just pick the one that works for you the best that you enjoy using and that you have the

best experience with.

Sure, my go to is to use OpenAI agents SDK.

I've used it a lot.

I've used it to build projects which which are live.

And of course I use MCP as well to bring in other tooling.

Um, but I totally get that the batteries included ones work better for others and that there are pros

and cons.

Landgraf of course, famous for the way that it's so very repeatable, reproducible, and so tightly

integrated with the long chain ecosystem and with things like Lange Smith for monitoring.

So plenty of pros and cons.

And there are also other frameworks too.

Now I feel a bit like a DJ that that is up there trying to play the favorite tracks that everyone's

going to like, and I always miss one that someone's favorite.

And I've had some people message me and say, why didn't you cover whatever?

And they're hurt by this and I'm sorry, I had to pick a selection.

Some of the other, the sort of the ones that are that are almost made it Google Agent Development Kit,

ADK that's becoming increasingly popular.

It was it's very new and it was still in its infancy even a few weeks ago.

But they've just released what they're calling the version one that's ready for production for the first

time and it's starting to get more traction.

They've got a lot of companies involved.

ADK also comes with a protocol that Google has announced, called A to Agent to agent, which is meant

to be a sort of companion protocol to MCP.

But while MCP lets you connect to other tools, A to A would allow different agents to discover each

other, to be able to exchange information about what they can do and agents to be able to call each

other, even if they're running on different hardware in a completely different setting.

Now, that second part of it, this, this connectivity piece that's a bit similar to Autogen core,

if you remember that same kind of idea.

So it's got that Autogen core angle to it, allow different heterogeneous agents to interact.

And it's also got this discoverability idea that agents will be able to ask each other, okay, what

are you capable of doing through a sort of agent card, which is a bit like a model card, but but for

agents.

But this is also still in its infancy.

It hasn't yet got community traction, so it's a bit too early to call whether this is going to be as

popular as something like MCP that has more immediate, more obvious role to play.

So that's Google Agents development kit, which is which is somewhere in between OpenAI agents and and

also it's got a some, some shades of crew because it has it's got a little bit more of batteries and

it's got some user interface stuff as well.

Hugging face, small agents, very popular.

Uh, it was more popular a while ago and it's super simplistic.

It's very much again, shades of opening agents SDK keep it simple and keep out of your way, which

is great.

Pedantic AI has has a big following.

It's really fun to to work with.

It's also very similar to OpenAI agents SDK.

In fact, OpenAI agents SDK said that they were inspired by some of the pedantic AI work, and they

gave a shout out to pedantic AI in their announcements.

And, uh, pedantic AI also has some, some elements of of Landgraf in there too.

But here's the thing.

I chose the frameworks that I chose because I felt that it gives you a a great flavor of the gamut of

different kinds of techniques that are used in a genetic framework.

And I feel like it prepares you really well to adopt any of these.

If you just bring up Google ADK and go through their tutorial and how to, you'll see so many familiar

concepts that will be like, okay, sure.

And in fact, you'll see that already a student has contributed in the community contributions.

Google SDK solution for for one of the weeks, which is so cool.

And so you can see that it's just very, very similar, the same same kind of techniques.

And so I do encourage you, if one of these is one that you really want to explore as well, then then

go and take a look at it.

But, but and I think you'll find it's super easy to pick up same, same kinds of concepts as we've

used tools, structured outputs and so on.

But the overall message is don't get bogged down in framework selection.

They all have their pros and cons.

You can focus on the one that lands well for you.

It's not the most important stuff.

Let's talk about the important stuff.

So I'm going to give you ten pieces of advice, ten things that I think matters.

And this is personal advice, so you can feel free to disagree with me.

Reject this.

This is not necessarily the, you know, the gospel.

This is simply my experiences, my advice as a practitioner in the field.

First things first, and this is a general advice.

In a lot of cases I do find, and perhaps particularly in Agentic I, that a lot of people come into

this space with the solution in mind.

They come in and say, I want to use agents for X, and it's super important to say that that is a bad

way of thinking about it.

You should really never you should always catch yourself with a little red flag if you're coming into

building something.

And the starting point is I want agents to do X.

First of all, focus on the problem you're solving and what is X, what is wrong, and go with an agent

solution.

If you realize that that is in fact the right way to solve that problem, start with the problem.

Go to the solution, not the other way around.

I know it's the kind of thing that everyone says.

You probably heard that a million times, but particularly with agents.

There's so many people because of the agentic hype that are just jumping on.

I need an agent for this.

I need an agent for that.

Start with the problem.

Second piece of advice is that once you've got a problem, identify the metric that you will use to

measure whether you have successfully solved that problem.

This is like a standard piece of data science advice, but this can be your North Star for for as you're

working to see whether you're getting closer or further from solving the problem and finding that metric

can be really difficult.

And that's something which is a important part of the task, which you have to start with and associated

with that.

It's not one of the ten, but but along with the metric, you have to be able to curate the data that

will allow you to measure that metric.

So understanding the data that you've got, the data that you need and making sure that you curate that

data in order to measure that metric.

This is all pretty standard data science stuff.

But often again, I think particularly with agentic solutions, people sometimes bypass this because

they're so focused on I want my agents to do blah.

And moving on to the third piece of sage advice from me.

It is to favor workflows over autonomy to start with.

So when you're embarking on a new agent solution, it's tempting to rush into a fully autonomous solution.

It's better to start by building something which is using simple workflows to take things step by step.

Now, when you're working with open AI agents SDK, there are a number of different ways to do this.

You remember, you can use tools as a way to have one agent call out to another, and you can also use

handoffs as a way that an agent can pass control to a different one.

But actually I would suggest starting using a third approach.

You might wonder what's the third approach?

I don't remember that.

Well, this is actually what we did with our deep research agent.

The third approach is simply to use Python code to make each agent call in isolation.

Call runner run, make a call to an agent, get an output, and then call runner run again and do things

step by step in this organized way with Python code later, you can turn this into Hand-offs or tools,

and you can add autonomy and give more activities to one agent, more responsibility.

But start simple with hard coded or Python coded workflows.

So my fourth piece of advice is super important, particularly for people from a software engineering

background such as myself, it's common to come into building agent solutions with a blank sheet of

paper and draw some big agent architecture diagram.

And in my view, that's not the best approach.

It's better to work on these things.

Bottoms up.

Start with a simple agent.

Take a small part of your problem and solve it well with one simple agent, one LM call and work on

that until you've got that working well, and then add another agent and work bottoms up, building

your platform as you discover what works well and what doesn't.

Now, sometimes it's good to actually approach it from both angles.

Do a bit of top down and a bit of bottoms up, but out of the two I would favor bottoms up in the case

of a genetic workflows, because you need to first discover what's going to perform well with your LMS.

And the next one is very similar, which is to say, it's best to always start simple and then make

your platform more complicated when the simple solution is working.

I can't tell you how many people have sent me these massive, great solutions, hundreds of lines of

code, and it's not giving them the outcome that they want.

And they're saying, I don't know, it's broken.

Why help improve this?

Fix it?

And the answer is it doesn't work that way.

You can't do that.

It's too hard.

You have to start small and simple, solve a simple problem and do it really well, and then gradually

expand and with each of the building blocks, as you solve each problem, you put them together and

you see the bigger agent workflow working well.

But that's the right approach, because if you build everything and get complex and the answer doesn't

match what you're looking for, it's impossible to know where to look.

And so the simple key start simple.

And a sort of opposite point to that, interestingly, is I recommend, when starting out, begin by

using the highest end models to start with with with small data sets, such as using the GPT four one

or using Claude for right now, Claude for sonnet, maybe not Claude for opus.

That might be a little bit too too expensive, but start with the expensive ones so that you can make

sure that in theory, what you're trying to accomplish will work.

And then once you've got that working, you can then look to move to cheaper models like Claude for

sonnet or GPT for one mini, or maybe GPT for one nano.

And as you make your prompts more and more instructive and precise, you may be able to achieve similar

performance with lighter models.

But as you start with your simple solutions, start with the high powered models so you can prove out

what works and what doesn't.

And then the next piece of advice for you.

This is a subtle one, so I see a lot of people getting caught up in trying to figure out different

types of memory, which is a construct that I feel is like overworked.

There's like short term memory, some people call it, which is usually just looking at the conversation

so far.

And then there's longer term memory, which is usually other words for for looking up like a rag retrieval

in a database or using the kind of knowledge graph that we used in the trading project.

The thing to keep in mind is that all of these different memory techniques are, in fact, just different

ways of finding relevant context and shoving it in the prompt.

It's all about what goes in the prompt at the end of the day.

And so keep a clear mind about that and make sure that that whilst you might use various tools and techniques

for memory at, at the end of the day, all you're doing is trying to find the right relevant material

for the prompts.

So look at the prompts, see what's being included there, look at the tools you're using and see what

information is being retrieved.

And make sure that you're giving the LLM the right context to be able to answer its question.

And so rather than getting too bogged down in what kinds of memory you're using, focus on what kind

of information does the LM need to answer the question?

And are you providing that information in the prompts?

Okay.

And I'm almost done with this preachy advice for you.

Let's go to number eight.

It's very similar point again, which is that look, most of the difficulties that you come up against

working with agent systems and with LMS generally are fixed by better prompting and by experimenting

with your prompts.

People often are message me and say, can I use fine tuning for this?

Can I use a different encoder?

LM for my rag?

All sorts of sophisticated stuff, when often the right answer is to just focus on the prompts, make

something a bit simpler, a bit more directive, a bit more instructive.

If it's outputting one thing, then try and tell it not to give it some examples of what a good output

looks like.

You can get so far just by working on your prompts.

And a similar point again is also look at the traces.

Of course, this is a great discipline to get into, even if your agents seem to be working well and

they're giving the answers that you expect.

You should still be disciplined to go and check that everything is just as you want in the traces,

just in case there's extra tool call happening.

There's some weird stuff happening now.

I'm often guilty of not going back and looking at the traces, particularly if things seem to be working,

and then often when I do, I then discover that there is something in there, there is a gotcha that

I can fix.

And so it is so important, even if I don't take my own advice on this always you should you should

go in and check, check the traces.

Always.

As you're building your agent system, make sure things are behaving the way that you expect.

And I've left the most important piece of advice to the very end.

And here it is.

Look, being an AI engineer, being an LM engineer involves wearing two hats, a software engineering

hat, and a data scientists hat.

And when you're beginning your project, when you're at the starting point of building a new system,

you need to be taking firmly off the software engineering hat and putting on that scientist hat and

be a scientist.

That means be comfortable with experimentation and R&D.

People often come to me and say, which?

Which model should I pick A, B, or C?

Which technique should I use?

This, this or this?

Which tool should I use?

And the answer is you should try them all.

Try them.

Experiment.

Look at your overall business metric that you're using to gauge success, and use that to judge which

of the different techniques is working better for you, and embrace the experimentation.

It's absolutely key.

I've put a whole guide about this.

If you look in the guides, you'll see one.

I think it's one of the last ones is about how to build your own projects.

And I talk a lot about this.

There's no shortcut to R&D.

Embrace being a scientist and researching and exploring and understanding what works well.

I often have an instinct about the right way to go and build something, but it turns out my instinct

is often wrong.

So don't trust my instinct, but instead experiment and discover for yourself.

Well, thank you for indulging me on my ten pieces of advice there.

Again, these are just one practitioner's thoughts, but I do hope you find some of it helpful.

Okay.

So with that, I want to take you back to review the journey of the last six weeks and what an adventure

it has been.

Seems like a long time ago that we were looking at the foundations of a genetic eye, looking at what

it's like to call multiple llms through the direct native APIs, and also different agentic design patterns,

ending with the personal career agent that hopefully you deployed on Huggingface spaces.

I know people have been looking at my one, and I know that some of you are ask cheeky questions to

it because when you do, of course I get a notification.

It hits my Apple Watch and it happens at the strangest of times.

And I've actually cracked up in the middle of a meeting when someone asked a particularly silly question

to it.

So it's great fun, but hopefully you have your own and it's a bit more serious than you posted on it

on LinkedIn, and it's getting some traction.

And then in week two, we unveiled my favorite OpenAI agents SDK.

Nice and easy.

We built some really cool projects, we built the deep research, and a number of students have extended

this and made meteor deep research apps that do things like asking clarifying questions.

And that's all in the community Contributions project and in the folder.

And you should put something in there too, because there's lots of great stuff.

And then in week three, we went a different direction by looking at crew AI, more of a batteries included

framework.

And I think for me, the startling thing about week three was when we built the engineering team and

I got to tell you that the the results of that I find it spellbinding.

And just recently I tried running all of the test cases and they all run flawlessly.

It's so amazing to see this come together, and I hope you had the same experience, and I hope you've

actually put this to good use and built something with it, as we did in building the accounts stuff

for for week six.

And then week four was a surprise for me.

I'd used Landgraf before, but not as in as much detail as I did in during week four building those

projects, and I really enjoyed it and I was very impressed by it.

It wasn't as heavyweight as I was expecting and it was very powerful.

And the psychic that we built was great fun.

I hope you've enjoyed that.

I hope you've used it as well and extended it.

I actually rebuilt it myself in OpenAI agents SDK to as a way to, to use it myself.

Um, but it's really interesting to see that and to take advantage of the Landgraf and the Lang chain

ecosystem in building that.

And then week five was another bit of a surprise.

Using Autogen, I found that Autogen agent chat was particularly lightweight and simple and easy to

work with, although perhaps not as mature as OpenAI agent SDK.

And then I really enjoyed Autogen core.

As I say, there's there's some shades of some of the same things that Google has worked on with a to

a um, in the way that Autogen core can allow different, different heterogeneous agents to talk to

each other.

So it's exciting stuff.

And then building the agent creator was a lot of fun.

I really like meta exercise and surreal and and exciting, so I hope I hope you enjoyed that that project,

and I hope that it sparked some thoughts about different ways that you can take an agent creator to

be building more agents.

And then week six hardly needs a recap because we've done it.

It's fresh in your minds.

MCP servers, building them, using them 44 different tools in our capstone project for equity traders.

That was such good fun and hopefully you found it, like me, a fitting conclusion, a really juicy

project to wrap things up.

And nice that it's a commercial project that applies it to a real business area.

If you're in finance, I hope you're looking to extend it.

If you're not in finance, I hope you're thinking about how could you apply a similar kind of agent

framework to your business area, that that's the big idea.

And then also at the end we went through some thoughts about overall picking agent frameworks.

It doesn't matter.

And some general points about things to look for as you're building your agent.

Solution.

Okay.

We're going to head into our final farewell part.

Don't go anywhere.

There's only like a minute or two left of this whole adventure, and it's super important that I get

to say to you, congratulations, you've made it through the full curriculum.

You've now experienced so many different agent frameworks and patterns and designs and projects, and

you should be equipped yourself.

Just as we've equipped our agents, you are now equipped to be going off and building commercial, exciting

projects that use autonomous agents.

And you should be celebrating that on LinkedIn.

And many, many congratulations for making it to that point.

Let me now tell you the final to do's for you.

And so my first request to you is to be building.

You should go in and look at the community contributions from others, and then add some of your own

community contributions.

If you're interested in the trading simulator.

I really love this project.

I would love it if you added more MCP servers.

Add some more agents to the mix, give it some more autonomy to do new things.

I'd love to be able to add short selling crypto currency trading into the mix, But if if a different

project appeals to you more, then work on that.

I can't wait to see the stuff that you build and then share on LinkedIn.

Share your success with this project with this course.

Share your contributions, share any aha moment, anything that's been inspirational for you, or an

insight that you'd like to highlight to other people and post that.

And if you tag me, then I will weigh in and make sure that it gets amplified along my community as

well, to make sure that that your expertise is shared wide and perhaps catches the attention of future

clients of yours, or maybe future employers of yours as well.

And then I may may have mentioned this maybe once or twice.

Uh, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.

I love connecting with people on LinkedIn.

You don't need to, uh, make a comment if you don't want to.

You can just connect.

But if you do want to make a comment, then I will reply.

And, uh, yeah, people joke that I have an agent running.

It's not an agent.

It's going to be me.

I will reply to you.

I do reserve the right to occasionally paste from my clipboard because, you know, I do sometimes say

the same thing again and again, but I assure you that at least 50% of the content will be original

content typed, but maybe half of it will be a sort of paste at the end of it there.

But I'm sure you'll forgive me for that.

That that must be allowed.

But other than that, please do connect with me on LinkedIn.

And I should also say my my editor would kill me if I didn't mention that.

If you're able to rate this course on Udemy, it makes a huge difference.

That's the main way that Udemy decides whether or not to recommend this course to other people.

So as I say, it makes an enormous difference for me and for the course.

If you have a moment to go in and rate the course, I would be super grateful.

And that brings us to the final few seconds of this course.

It remains for me to thank you so much for making it all the way through to the very, very, very end

to say a big farewell.

It's been great hanging out for the last six weeks.

I hope to make many more courses so so I will be back.

In the meantime, please do stay in touch and please do keep building.

