So this is what it's all about.

Welcome to the epic finale week of the A complete Agentic AI course.

This.

This is the week when we introduce MCP, the model context protocol for anthropic, and we build our

flagship project, our capstone project and equity trading floor.

Let's get into it.

So during this course we've covered a number of different agent frameworks.

We've covered of course my favorite OpenAI agents SDK.

We've covered crew, Landgraff and most recently Autogen.

And this time we're coming back to look at MCP, which is of course, not really a framework at all.

It's a protocol, as we will discuss.

And this is where it comes together.

And at the end of the week, I'm also going to talk generally retrospectively about the different frameworks

we've covered.

I'll talk about some of the other frameworks we didn't directly cover, and we'll bring it all together

there.

But for now, let's get going with MCP.

But wait, I see that there are some people here who perhaps don't belong here.

There are some people here who have skipped straight to week six.

You are busted, I found you.

You've jumped to week six because you're excited about MCP, and you can't wait to hear about it and

get into it.

And look, it's of course it's it's it's it's open for you.

I'm not going to stop you from doing that.

But I do just want to say that if you are just joining us, you've missed out on some really great stuff

and a lot of it prepares you to get here.

And I know you're impatient for MCP.

I know that's what you want, but there's good stuff, particularly in weeks one and two.

And so if if you have skipped straight to this, then I do just want to say in week one we cover natively

understanding what it means to connect with different LMS and to orchestrate them using tools.

We look at different design patterns for agent models, and we understand what it means for a model

to be autonomous.

And then in week two, we introduce the OpenAI agents SDK.

And that is what we're going to be using to take advantage of MCP this week.

And so it's really great foundational stuff.

Now look you can just keep going with MCP if you really wish, but I would suggest that you at least

take a quick peek at weeks one and two and see if you're willing to do that.

And for those of you here that did go through the whole thing, then fabulous.

We are in great shape.

And so introducing then the model context protocol from anthropic.

First announced late last year, but it really took off in January, February, March April of this

year.

And what is it?

Well, anthropic themselves describe it as the USB-C of Agentic AI.

And that that term has taken off.

And we'll explain what that means in a second.

I should point out that I'm aware that this picture that AI generated is, in fact showing a USB-A,

not a USB-C, and MCP is decidedly not the USB-A of Agentic AI.

It is the USB-C of Agentic AI, and that is what we're going to discover right now.

So there are a lot of misconceptions about MCP, and I'm going to start by just dispelling some of them.

Let me tell you first what MCP is not.

So obviously it's not actually like an agent framework.

It's not got anything to do with building agents.

And it's also not some sort of fundamental change to anything.

Anthropic didn't invent something completely new That changes the way we do stuff.

It's also not a way to code agents either.

So what is it?

Well, it's a protocol that's in the P.

It's a standard.

It's a it's a way to do things consistently and simply.

And what that is, is it's a simple way to integrate your agents with tools or resources or prompts

that have been written by other people so that you can easily share things like tools.

And I should say that first and foremost, it's about tools.

That's where the greatest excitement is taken off.

The idea of being able to share resources, like being able to use rag sources from other people, is

also fairly popular.

And then prompts, I don't think, is particularly taken off the idea that you'll be able to share prompts,

but it's available, but it's tools.

That's what people are really excited about.

It's a way to easily share tools so that one person can build a useful tool that can do something helpful,

and then other people can easily take advantage of that tool in their products.

And that's why it is known as a USB-C for AI applications.

For AI, it's about connectivity.

It's about easily connecting your agent app with other people's tools.

And so with this in mind, there's a few things that are reasons that one should be really quite excited

about this technology.

But first, there are a few things that that aren't particularly exciting about it that's worth stressing.

So first of all, MCP is just the standard.

It's just the approach for being able to integrate with other people's tools.

It's not the tools themselves.

So MCP from anthropic isn't particularly the tools, although they have built a few.

But but that's not what makes it exciting.

For example, as we discovered already has a massive tools ecosystem.

So with with the community, you've already got access to lots and lots of tools that people have written.

So it's not like that isn't available.

And we've already discovered that it's easy to turn any function into a tool just with a decorator in

OpenAI agents SDK.

So with a quick function tool decorator, any function you write can be a tool for your agent.

So if you're writing your own tools, equipping your agent to take advantage of them is easy.

And MCP doesn't help you with that.

In fact, it makes that harder.

It's all about being able to use other people's tools, and so that's the reason to be excited.

It makes it frictionless to to connect with someone else's tool and to immediately have a description

of what the tool does, what the parameters need to be, and to be able to have it running.

It's it's really about the ecosystem.

So many people have have gotten on board with MCP that there are thousands of these MCP based tools

available for you, so you can do a quick search and be quickly integrating with so many different capabilities

and making your agent more powerful.

And, you know, I mean, maybe this is a silly point, but but standards can be really exciting if

they get adopted.

It's all about the adoption.

And obviously the internet was the World Wide Web was was because people coalesced around HTML.

It became such a standard protocol.

And so I'm just making the point that this is exciting because of the adoption.

That's that's what's driven this ecosystem of tools and what's allowed you so easily to equip your agents

with more functionality.


So there are three core concepts behind MCP that I need to explain to you about.

First of all is what's known as the MCP host.

The MCP host is the overall application in which you're going to be equipping an agent with tools.

And so the host could be something like Clawed Desktop, the piece of software that runs on your computer

that that manages Claude, the LM and lets you chat with Claude.

It could be our agent architecture, a piece of software that we've written using perhaps the OpenAI

agents SDK that's going to run agents and tools so that that overall application piece of software running

this agent framework that is known as the host, the MCP host and MCP client is a small piece of software.

Think of it like a plugin that runs inside that host, within the host.

And each MCP client is going to connect 1 to 1 with something I'm about to explain called an MCP server.

So if you're running cloud desktop, for example, and you're using a bunch of different MCP servers,

then you're going to have a little client, an MCP client running for each of those.

So MCP client lives in the host.

It connects to the server.

The server runs outside the host.

So what is this server?

The server is the actual piece of code that provides tools and context and prompts these extra capabilities

to your agent.

And as I say, tools is the one to really focus on.

That's the one that's got the most excitement.

But it can also, in addition to equipping an agent with tools, it can also provide extra context for

looking up information, and it can provide prompt templates as well.

That is something that would happen by the MCP server running outside the host.

Now let me make that concrete by telling you about a particular MCP server called fetch.

So fetch then it's an MCP server that is able to search the internet and fetch a web page.

The way it actually does it is kind of cool.

It runs a browser.

It launches a browser, headless browser, like a headless Chrome, as they call it, so that you don't

you don't actually see the browser, and it uses playwright from Microsoft to drive that browser, to

collect the page and to read its contents and return it.

So that is a tool, and it's wrapped in an MCC server, and you can run that MCP server, and then you

can configure Claude Desktop, the Claude desktop application, so that within it it runs an MCP client

that connects to that MCP server.

So that Claude, if you're chatting with Claude, it's suddenly able to read web pages live.

And that's what's happening behind the scenes.

And in this case that I'm describing, that MCP server is also running on your computer.

You're talking to Claude Desktop.

It's able behind the scenes to connect to that MCP server, to run a headless browser, to collect a

web page, and then to answer questions based on it.

And in fact, we did that.

We used the fetch MCP server already in Autogen last week.

Hopefully you didn't skip last week because it was fun.

And we used this very MCP server via Autogen and that's what it was doing.

And perhaps we'll help clarify this to show you a diagram, an architecture diagram of how this fits

together.

Imagine this box is representing your computer your machine.

And within your machine you have a host running.

So that host it could be Claud desktop app.

It could be software that we have written as part of this course that's using open AI agents SDK.

And we have a couple of MCP servers running on your box.

Maybe one of them is is something that can connect to the local file system.

Maybe one of them is something that can can ask for the weather.

And within that host you would have a couple of MCP clients, one MCP client for each of the MCP servers

running on your computer.

You can also have a remote server.

This is an alternative architecture.

This is the second way of doing it.

And you can have an MCP server running on that remote server, and you can connect to that remote server

using an MCP client.

But it's important to mention that this is in fact quite rare.

This is not the way it's normally done.

You hear the word like MCP server and you think, okay, that sounds like something that's like a remote

server.

And so you imagine it's like the diagram I've just shown you, but it's actually very rare to do it

that way.

Almost always in most of the examples that we'll look at, the MCP servers are things that run on your

computer.

They're running outside the host and you're connecting to it, but it's still running on your machine.

Now you will have retrieved that from somewhere public.

So it's been shared by somebody else, but it's been retrieved and installed on your computer.

So like when we use the fetch MCP server, it was running on our machine.

We were collecting it from actually Anthropic's repository.

But we were then running the fetch MCP server on our machine outside the host, and we had a host which

was autogen.

In this case, we'd written some code that acted as the client, and it was connecting to that server

running on our computer.

So using remote MCP servers is possible.

It's a thing, but it's not common.

And sometimes these are called hosted MCP servers.

Sometimes they're called managed MCP servers, but they're not that common.

And so that's a super important misconception and confusion that I really wanted to clarify the fact

that in most cases, MCP servers are things that you install from some remote repo, but it's running

on your box.

Okay, but it's worth pointing out that there is another configuration here and that looks like this.

The MCP server that you're running on your box, it might be doing something that just involves locally

processing on your computer, like it might be writing a file to your file system, but also there are

many MCP servers that take advantage of functionality over the internet.

The fetch MCP SMTP server that we just mentioned.

Of course, that actually runs a web browser and looks over the internet.

You can also get MCP servers that check the weather.

And of course they're doing that by calling some web servers.

So it's very common to have an MCP server that is connecting online and calling some remote service.

In fact, that is by far the most common of the configurations.

But it's important in your mind to distinguish between that what I've just shown you, and a case where

your MCP client is calling a remote MCP server hosted on another machine, which is, as I say, less

common.

So one more time, if I haven't stressed this enough, MCP servers mostly run on your box.

You typically download them and you run them locally.

And if you're wondering why I'm telling you this 100 times, it's because it really is.

People do get very confused about this because the terminology is muddling, but that's that's the way

it works.

In fact, as I'll show you when we start looking at MCP marketplaces, there are thousands of MCP servers

and they all run in a box and there's not so many.

It's quite hard to find ones.

It's quite hard to discover ones that are ones that you could connect to remotely.

Now there are two different technical mechanisms for how MCP servers can work two different transport

mechanisms, as they're called in the official anthropic spec so far.

The first of them, which is by far the most common, is called studio spelt like that, which stands

for standard input output.

I think some people call it studio, but I call it studio.

And this is the simplest approach.

And if you're using this approach, then basically your MCP client spawns a process, a separate process

on your computer, and it communicates with that process over just standard input and output.

And that's what it's called studio.

And that process is this is the most common way of doing it.

And and we'll we'll be exploring this a lot.

And when we build our own MCP server we'll be using this technique.

The other technique is called SSE and SSE which stands for Server Side events, uses an Https connection

and it streams back results much the way that you see stuff streaming back from LMS when when you see

the information flowing back that also uses SW technology.

And if you're going to use one of these remote MCP servers, a hosted or managed MCP server, as in

the picture on the top right there, then you need to use SW.

You can't use Stdio for connecting remotely like that.

It has to be SW.

If you're using local MCP servers, the common case, then it can be either a Cdio studio or SW either

way, and it's most common to be Stdio.

Okay, so take a good look at this.

Make sure that it's getting clear in your mind.

You know the difference in a host and MCP client and server.

The three different arrangements SW versus studio.

And now with that it's time for our lab.

Let's go and make use of MCP servers in the fabulous OpenAI agents SDK.

Okay, so now we're moving on to another MCP server before we come back and actually put this one to

use.

So this one was the first one we looked at was an example of a Python based MCP server that we executed

by calling up and passing in the name of something that is on PyPI that you could pip install that is

able to run.

Now, what we're going to do now is use a JavaScript based MCP server.

And whilst Python based ones you typically run using JavaScript, ones you run using server side JavaScript,

which uses something called node that I imagine most of you are probably very familiar with, but you

may not be if you're not and you don't have node installed in your system, then please follow this

link to follow Chatgpt's instructions.

It is super simple and installing node is like what?

So many people have that and by the way, you do need to have a recent version of node.

So following this, if you're a node person already, you've got an older version, then use MVVM and

make sure that you're on a recent new version of node, and make sure you can type like MPX minus minus

version, and that you get a good recent version.

So we're now going to to use this to have a node based MCP server.

So this time when we specify the parameters the command we're going to run is not UVC but it's MPX.

We're using npm, the node package manager.

And this isn't getting Pip installed in the same way as before.

This is now using npm.

This is coming as a as an official node package.

And we're using a playwright, Microsoft's playwright, which is the browser automation software.

And this is a particularly popular MCP server that runs with node using playwright.

Now you might say to yourself, hang on a second, but isn't isn't the fetch MCP server that we just

did?

Didn't you mention that also uses playwright behind the scenes?

And it's true, it does.

But there's a benefit to using this MCP server, which will become very clear to you in just a second.

All right.

So once we've specified the parameters, we then have exactly the same code construct.

We take MCP server Stdio our context manager.

We pass in the parameters.

Again remember this timeout is important to have.

And then we call server tools again to find the tools that comes from this.

And when I run this it's going to call MDX which is going to then install that package and then call

the tools on it.

And wowza, this is what we get back.

So this is the difference from fetch.

Fetch.

We just got one tool.

This is actually giving you much more granular control over the playwright process.

This is a ton of tools to do things like close the browser, resize the browser, see the console messages,

upload a file, press a key, navigate back and forward, take a screenshot which is super interesting.

Drag click hover select.

So this is giving fine grained control over the browser window to our agent, where fetch was a much

simpler MVP server just to collect one web page.

So this is pretty exciting.

This is opening the ability for us to write agents that can power a browser window, much as our sidekick

did in week four.

And now, one of the great things about MCP servers is that it's so easy to equip your agent with a

whole slew of these.

You can just find ones that interest you and just add it in, which is why we're going to go on and

do another one.

It's going to be another JavaScript based one, another node based one.

And so you can see, first of all I'm just going to I just use this just to quickly, uh, get the name

of a directory, I'm going to get the name of a directory called sandbox inside this directory right

over there.

And if that doesn't already exist for you in your file system, you might need to create that sandbox

folder right there, that directory.

So I'm going to get that, that path.

And then again I'm just going to create one of these parameters.

The command is mpc's again to run node.

And I'm passing in again the name of something that's that's an npm.

That is the it's another anthropic example reference MCP server.

And it's called server file system.

And it kind of does what you're probably expecting.

But we'll make it list its tools again.

So now this is again running that node program the server.

It created a client.

It spawned the server.

It connected to it.

It asked for tools.

And this is what it got back.

It's able to basically read and write from your local file system.

It can read a file, read multiple files, create a directory, list directory, and so on, but always

within the sandbox path that we specified.

So this is allowing you to equip an agent with tools so that it can read and write from your file system,

but keeping it isolated to within a certain directory.

Okay, so you're probably thinking, all right, I get it.

We can create something that spawns a server and that tells us a bunch of tools, but that doesn't sound

much fun.

We want it to actually do stuff, and that's what we'll get to right now.

So we are now going to make just a quick example of an agent that will use these tools.

So here we go.

Here are some instructions for our agent.

You browse the internet to accomplish your instructions.

You're highly capable of browsing the internet independently to accomplish your task, including accepting

cookies.

Clicking not now.

If at one website it's a fruitful try another.

Be persistent until you've solved your assignment.

So that's a nice set of instructions to prep our server.

So we now again use this same context manager as before, the one we used to collect the names of tools

we pass in the parameters we want.

And again remember that timeout.

And we'll do it for both of our files.

MCP server, the one that can write to the disk, and the playwright, one that can control a browser

in a fine grained way.

And we will create an agent and it is called investigator.

We give it those instructions, we'll give it that model.

We might as well.

Let's change this to be the latest and greatest GPT for one mini.

And then look, this is it.

You then pass in a collection of MCP servers.

You might remember in the past that you passed in.

You could pass in tools directly in here.

Well, rather than tools you can pass in MCP servers.

And OpenAI agents SDK will query these for understanding their tools and provide those capabilities

to this investigator agent.

And that is as complicated as it gets.

That's how we equip our agents to be able to use these tools.

And now, if you remember, do you remember the OpenAI agents SDK once you've created the agent?

That was step one.

Step two is you set up a trace so that we can track this in the UI.

And then we call runner.

And what is the assignment that I'm going to give our agent I'm going to say find a great recipe for

banoffee pie.

Then summarize it in Markdown to banoffee.

And you may be wondering what on earth does banoffee pie?

And I think it's a tragedy that you're wondering that banoffee pie.

Us, us, us Brits, we're not well known for our cooking.

Let's face it, we're not necessarily the purveyors of the great delicacies of the world, but banoffee

pie is something that I think we invented, and it's really amazing.

And I think it's a great shame that more people don't know about it.

And so that's why I'm doing you this service, by having this be the thing that we are going to have

an agent go off and investigate on our behalf.

And so with that, let's give this a whirl.

Okay.

We will run this and off it goes.

And a few seconds go by thinks about this request for us.

It's spawning these MCP servers and a browser window has just popped up on my computer.

Move it!

There we go.

So it appears to have gone to BBC Good Food.

So it obviously does know that this is something British and something is happening behind the scenes.

It's thinking about this.

You can see from the title of this page that it has indeed located a banoffee pie recipe.

So this is the result of the MCP server running.

It is driving playwright.

We don't know everything that's doing behind the scenes, but sometimes you get to see it actually like

clicking around and navigating.

But I suspect, yes, we will find that it has indeed found a recipe for banoffee pie.

And from just a quick look at this, I tell you that I'm hopeless at cooking.

I can cook nothing.

I can hardly cook a boiled egg, but I can cook banoffee pie.

I know I can cook, I know how to make banoffee pie.

And from a first glance at this, I think that this probably is a legit version of banoffee pie.

But most importantly, we need to look in our sandbox and open the preview of this file and confirm

that, sure enough, it has used the other MCP server.

So not only has it used one MCP server to navigate the internet and locate a recipe for banoffee pie,

but it's also used the other MCP server to then write that to disk.

And here it is on my computer.

So I would say that is mission accomplished.

We have used our first two MCP servers, and you probably remember from week two what comes next.

We want to go and look in open IE at our trace so we can see what happened behind the scenes.

So go in the usual link up comes traces.

Go in to investigate and see what happened, and we'll see that.

Of course, it listed the MCP tools associated with each of its MCP servers, and it then used the browser

navigate tool to be able to navigate the web page.

Yours may look different.

You may have more action there, and it then used the file tools.

For some reason it did a read file, but then it did the right file to write out the banoffee pie recipe

in there, and that shows the interactions between the tools.

You should look at it, check it's behaving as you expect.

Check it's using the right tools in the right way.

So the aha moment when you realise what makes MCP so exciting is when you first see an MCP marketplace.

That's what we're going to do right now.

The marketplaces are websites where you can see all the MCP servers that are out there available for

you to equip your agent with, and MCP is a very popular one, a very common one.

Let's go in here.

This is launching the marketplace.

We see a bunch of different MCP servers in their featured list, including the playwright MCP server

that we just used.

And if we go into this, we can look at it.

We can see that it has the parameters that we use to integrate with it.

There you can have a look at the tools that you can call.

If you use it.

You can see it was created by Microsoft, by the way, which gives you a sense that it's probably legit.

And look through all of the information about the tools that it can run.

And if you press the explore tab in the main navigation, then you get to see the sort of search and

filter.

Over here you can see the different MCP servers in the different categories.

And this is where you should get like a wow feeling.

There's 4000 in the research and data category.

68 Browser automation knowledge and memory.

Equipping your LLM to be able your agent to be able to remember things in different ways, 34 of them,

19 different calendar managers and then lots of monitoring visualization.

I think somewhere here is developer.

That's the really the really big category that has tons and tons of MCP servers, but developer tools.

Here we go, 7344.

So and I imagine there's some overlap between these categories.

But but it gives you a sense that there's so much to pick from.

There's there's so much that you can explore here for equipping your agents.

And now let's go and look at a couple of other marketplaces.

So the next link I have here is to glamour, which is another popular server marketplace.

And you come in here and click on the every MCP server link.

And you get to see the ones on glamour.

And they also have ratings for security, the how permissive the licensing is and the quality.

And you can read about how they how they come up with this.

And that's helpful for, for assessing the security of these.

And again you see the volumes involved.

There's a lot of these out there.

Now security brings up a great point.

And there's obviously there's there's a lot of concern in the community about the security of MCP servers.

Because when you run an MCP server, it is running on your computer, running on your box.

There is a whole thing about authentication of MCP servers.

And again, that's talking more about when you're connecting to a remote MCP server, a hosted or managed

MCP server running somewhere else.

And then there's ways that you can authenticate with that server.

But in this case, and typically most of the time you're running an MCP server, you're running somebody

else's code on your computer.

And so at first blush, you might say, okay, that's a real concern.

And it is.

But it's important to keep something in mind.

Ultimately running these MCP servers, it's like doing a pip install or an npm install.

You are installing open source code on your computer, and that is as dangerous as just doing a pip

install of someone else's code.

That's what you're doing.

The open source community.

Of course, it is something where you are signing up for some information risk that you need to manage,

and that means that you need to do your due diligence on the tools that you use, just as you would

any package that you pip installed from PyPI.

It's exactly the same thing.

If it's, of course, a package that's published by Microsoft or Anthropic, then you're probably in

good shape.

If it's not, then you want to do the usual kind of investigation.

You want to check that there's lots of git stars in the GitHub repo, that there's an active community,

and that it has good feedback, and that you are satisfied with the kind of security reviews that have

happened for that MCP tool.

And and so MCP servers are only as safe as any code that you directly download and run on your computer,

and you need to be very cognizant of that.

Of course, there are some MCP servers that you can configure to run inside a Docker container, and

that does give you some extra security controls there.

But but ultimately, you should always be doing your security review by doing your own research of the

the publisher of this server and of the information about it, and looking into the code and the repo

to satisfy yourself that this is something you want to run.

One of the reasons that people are concerned about MCP service security is that people who aren't technologists.

People who are just end users have the ability to add MCP servers to things like cloud desktop.

And that's more worrying because they don't have the same kinds of skills that you and I have.

They don't know how to go and track something down in GitHub, make sure it's got a community.

Make sure that they have a good feeling about the publisher.

So when it comes to to to you and me, we've got this knowledge.

We know how to vet packages.

Open source packages that we install.

And so we can do that kind of due diligence.

The concern is more where end users are just adding these to Claude and they don't necessarily have

those skills.

And so that's an important distinction to to make.

But in addition to that, if you're looking at something like glamour, then you can look at the ratings

that they give it for security.

And you can read about the kinds of tests that they carry out.

That means that they're comfortable giving it the A grade, and you can decide that you're only as a

starting point.

You're only going to take MCP servers that get three sets of A's on the glamour marketplace.

So there are several of these marketplaces.

One other I wanted to show you is called Smithery and it is very popular.

Lots of people do use Smithery, and you'll notice that you probably see already many familiar NCP servers.

Most popular NCP servers are installed in all of the marketplaces, but Smithery also allows you to

come in.

There's playwright again from Microsoft.

Come into here.

Read about the MSP server itself.

You can see the way that you could run it directly from the command line with NPM.

And you can see by logging in, if I if I were to log in, I'll be able to get the parameters right

there.

And you can see things like the tools that it offers as well.

Similar to the other marketplaces, Smithery is quite popular.

And then I also wanted to point you at a couple of blog posts that I think are really great.

This is this is one that's been posted on Huggingface that has a bunch of libraries that you can look

at or marketplaces, really, and it starts with them.

So that we already saw and smithery that we just saw as well.

And then there are some more.

There are so many to look at.

Awesome MCP servers and cursor has a directory.

If you want to integrate MCP servers directly into cursor to arm your cursor agent so that it's equipped

with this kind of functionality and many, many more.

The official MCP open source project that's hosted by anthropic has a bunch of the reference servers,

including fetch, one that we looked at, which some of the most robust that you can.

You can start with and Klein for sure.

So this is a good resource to look at with some great marketplaces.

And then I found this article on hugging face as really nicely put, very accurate and thoughtful about

again, what is it that's so great about MCP, but also a reality check of of what it's not, and making

sure that people are clear on distinguishing the hype from reality, what it is that's genuinely exciting

about it.

So very much worth taking a look at these articles, looking through the marketplaces and getting your

own sense of what's going on in the MCP landscape.

And so I know we covered a lot of material today.

Hopefully it's all settling in.

MCP hosts, clients, servers.

The fact that MCP servers can be written in Python and launch with UV or in JavaScript through Mpcs,

and they can also run in other ways as well.

But those are the main two.

The fact that there is studio and ZK is the two transport mechanisms for MCP servers.

And most importantly, the fact that the reason MCP servers are so exciting is that it makes it so easy

and frictionless to be hooking up your agent to many tools that have been written by people all over

the world, and there are thousands of them to pick from.

That's the so what?

And in fact, next time we're actually going to make our own MCP server and client so that we could

contribute to this.

I will see you then.